= snowflake-migration

* http://github.com/luma/snowflake-migration

== DESCRIPTION:

Schemaless is a terrible term as it doesn't imply what most people mean when they use it. Most people actually mean there is no *fixed* schema, or that the schema can be changed on an object by object basis. Because there actually *is* a schema, you'll need to manage changes to it to ensure your business logic and data stay current with each other. This gem adds schema change management to Snowflake (http://github.com/luma/snowflake), including migrations and the ability to track schema changes within models over time.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* allows you to manage schema changes to your Snowflake models;
* provides migration so you can bring your data in sync with your models/business logic.

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* bundler
* uuidtools >= 2.1.1
* snowflake >= 0.0.2

== INSTALL:

  gem install snowflake-migration

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Rolly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.